Add more clarification on maintenance rules (#376)
kyma-project/community: governance/01-governance.md

### Code owners' aka Maintainers responsibilities

With great power comes great responsibility. Maintainers not only review and approve PRs but also truly care about their projects.

Every code owner is expected to:

* Contribute high-quality code and content
* Communicate and collaborate with other code owners to improve the ownership process
* Perform a thorough review of incoming PRs and make sure they follow the [contributing rules](CONTRIBUTING.md)
* Approve only those PRs in which the contributor made the requested improvements
* Check if the related CI tests have completed successfully before approving the PR
* Make sure that the PR approval flow runs smoothly
* Proactively fix bugs
* Perform maintenance tasks for their projects
* Issue that is assigned to current release is treated with priority by maintainer that is an assignee
* Monitor [Slack](http://slack.kyma-project.io)
* Triage GitHub issues and perform pull request reviews for other maintainers and the community. Follow [labels workflow](/governance/#issues-workflow-issues-workflow) document
* In general continue to be willing to spend at least 50% of one's time working on Kyma (~2.5 business days per week).

> ### Process for becoming a maintainer aka codeowner

Author: I did not make an ordered list as the order doesn't matter here, it is just a list of things you need to do, no matter what order you choose

  maintainer. The difference is that in case you are individual or corporate contributor/maintainer then different contributor license agreement applies.
* Express what are the areas of Kyma that you want to engage with. Kyma, because of its goal, is complex and it is impossible to become a maintainer in every area. Make sure you get support from proper group of maintainers.
* Becoming a maintainer generally means that you are going to be spending substantial time (>50%) on Kyma for the foreseeable future. Among other responsibilities this is:
  * creating and merging pull-request
  * reviewing pull-request
  * creating or commenting on issues
  * helping on Slack and other community communication channels
* We will expect you to start contributing increasingly complicated PRs, under the guidance
  of the existing maintainers.
* We may ask you to do some PRs from our backlog.
* As you gain experience with the code base and our standards, we will ask you to do code reviews for incoming PRs (i.e., all maintainers are expected to shoulder a proportional share of community reviews).

> * After a period of approximately 3 months of working together and making sure we see eye to eye, candidate for maintainer should create an issue in [community](https://github.com/kyma-project/community) repository with list of his current contributions. The existing maintainers will confer and decide whether to grant maintainer status or not. We make no guarantees on the length of time this will take, but no longer than 3 months.

Author: 1 is awesome

> * Enabled [two-factor authentication](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-two-factor-authentication) on GitHub account.

Author: make much more sense to have it in note, I even extended it a bit, thx

### Code owners (aka maintainers) responsibilities

With great power comes great responsibility. Maintainers not only review and approve PRs but also truly care about their projects.

Every code owner is expected to:

* Contribute high-quality code and content
* Communicate and collaborate with other code owners to improve the ownership process
* Perform a thorough review of incoming PRs and make sure they follow the [contributing rules](CONTRIBUTING.md)
* Approve only those PRs in which the contributor made the requested improvements
* Check if the related CI tests have completed successfully before approving the PR
* Make sure that the PR approval flow runs smoothly
* Proactively fix bugs

> * Perform maintenance tasks for their projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Perform maintenance tasks for his/her projects
```

* We will expect you to start contributing increasingly complicated PRs, under the guidance
  of the existing maintainers.
* We may ask you to do some PRs from our backlog.
* As you gain experience with the code base and our standards, we will ask you to do code reviews for incoming PRs (i.e., all maintainers are expected to shoulder a proportional share of community reviews).
* After a period of approximately 3 months of working together and making sure we see eye to eye, a candidate for maintainer should create an issue in the [community](https://github.com/kyma-project/community) repository with a list of his/her current contributions. The existing maintainers will confer and decide whether to grant the maintainer status or not. While we make no guarantees on the length of time this will take, we expect it to be no longer than 3 months.

>**NOTE:** To be accepted as a maintainer and be added to Kyma GitHub organizations, you need to have [two-factor authentication](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-two-factor-authentication) enabled on your GitHub account.

### When does a maintainer lose the maintainer status?

> - If a maintainer is no longer interested or cannot perform the maintainer duties listed above, they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a maintainer is no longer interested or cannot perform the maintainer duties listed above, he/she
```

Sorry, I missed it before, but since we used `he/she` in other places, let's be consistent here as well.

should volunteer to be transitioned to emeritus status. 

> - If a maintainer is unresponsive for at least 3 months, they can be removed from the maintainers list immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a maintainer is unresponsive for at least 3 months, he/she can be removed from the maintainers list immediately.
```
As I mentioned above,
> Sorry, I missed it before, but since we used `he/she` in other places, let's be consistent here as well.
